Infragraph LA docs update [IPE-1505] (#2710)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/hcp-docs/content/docs/infragraph/connections/github.mdx

---
page_title: Connect Infragraph to GitHub
description: |-

>  The GitHub connection imports your GitHub data into the resource graph. Learn how to set up the connection, sync data, and view GitHub data in Infragraph.

Reviewer: I like this "imports" phrasing.  Consider using it for other connector types.  Both here in the description and in the intro paragraph.

---

# Connect Infragraph to GitHub

The GitHub connection imports data from GitHub into the resource graph.

@include 'beta-feature.mdx'

## Overview

Infragraph uses a GitHub App installed in your organization to authenticate and read GitHub resources.  To set up the GitHub connection, you must complete the following steps:

1. Create a GitHub App
1. Install the GitHub app
1. Configure the connection

### Create a GitHub App

> We recommend you create a dedicated GitHub App for InfraGraph. To create a GitHub App, complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you create a dedicated GitHub App for Infragraph. To create a GitHub App, complete the following steps:
```

1. In GitHub, go to **Settings > Developer settings > GitHub Apps**.
1. Click **New GitHub App**.
1. Enter a unique **GitHub App name**.
1. Enter any valid URL in the **Homepage URL** textbox.
1. Under **Webhook**, disable the **Active** option unless you require webhooks for your workflow.
1. Configure the following repository permissions

    | Permission     | Access level |
    | -------------- | ------------ |
    | Administration | Read-only    |
    | Contents       | Read-only    |
    | Metadata       | Read-only    |

1. Click **Create GitHub App**.

After you create the GitHub App, copy the **App ID** from the GitHub App settings page. You will need this value when you create the Infragraph connection.

### Generate a private key

> InfraGraph uses a private key to authenticate requests to GitHub on behalf of your GitHub App. Complete the following steps to generate and download a private key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infragraph uses a private key to authenticate requests to GitHub on behalf of your GitHub App. Complete the following steps to generate and download a private key:
```

1. Choose one of the repository access options. You can choose **All repositories** to give Infragraph access to all current and future repositories or choose **Only select repositories** to limit access to specific repositories.
1. Click **Install**.

On the installation overview page, copy the **Installation ID**. You will need this ID to create the connection.

### Create the connection

Complete the following steps to create a GitHub connection:
1. From the Resource graph **Overview**, at the top right, click **Create Connection**. 
1. Select **GitHub** from the list of data sources.
1. Click **Authenticate connection**.
1. Enter your **GitHub App ID**.
1. Click **Upload .pem file** and upload the private key file you created. 
1. Enter your **GitHub organization ID**.
1. Enter the **Installation ID**.
1. Click **Create connection**.

## Sync GitHub data

@include 'infragraph/sync-data.mdx'

## View GitHub data  

To find GitHub data connected to your resource graph, complete any of the following actions:

- Go to the **Inventory** page. Click an individual resource type to view it in the graph explorer. 

> - Query resources with any of the existing queries that include GitHub resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Query resources with a saved query that includes GitHub resources.
```
